Haploinsufficiency of EBF3 may affect brain development and function, resulting in developmental delay, intellectual disability, and behavioral differences.
Recent evidences suggest that SNAP-25 is involved in different neuropsychiatric and neurological disorders.
A significant correlation between SNAP-25 gene polymorphism and hyperactivity in ASD children was found.
Novel Causative variants in DYRK1A, KARS, and KAT6A are associated with intellectual disability.
Our data show that ADHD, autism, developmental delay and obesity are highly associated with deletion involving 11p14.1 and provide additional support for a significant role of BDNF in obesity and neurobehavioral problems.
Our results provide initial insight into how CBD2 haploinsufficiency leads to aberrant cortical network function and impaired memory.
Suggesting that inactivation of CHD2 during neurogenesiss might contribute to abnormal neurodevelopemnt.
CDK5R1 gene has been previously associated with intellectual disability in humans.
The IQSEC2 variant phenotype includes developmental delay, intellectual disability, epilepsy, hypotonia, autism, microephaly, and stereoptypies by is yet to be fully described.
We found that CEP41 mmissense variants affect development of the axonal tract, cranial neural crest migration and social behaviour phenotype.
NKX2-1 mutations have been usually associated with a non-progressive neurological disease.
SCN1A mutations cause Dravet syndrome and are risk factors for in other epilepsies.
PRRG4 could contribute to the autistic symptoms of WAGR.
Polymorphisms in the SNAP-25 gene have been found in patients affected by attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
It has been reported that a mouse expressing r451c nlgn3 as an endogenous protein exhibits social behavioural traits typical of autism.
shank3 gene is a causable gene of the phelan-mcdermid syndrome, whose manifestation is global developmental delay and autistic behavior, especially shows severe speech and language deficit.
disruptions of the shank3 gene in mouse models have resulted in synaptic defects and autistic-like behaviors including anxiety, social interaction deficits, and repetitive behavior.
gene abnormalities in rbfox1, encoding an mrna-splicing factor, have been shown to cause autism spectrum disorder and other neurodevelopmental disorders.
the cntnap2 polymorphism identified in this population is not linked to the asd phenotype.
abstract phelan–mcdermid syndrome is a rare genetic disorder in which one copy of the shank3 gene is missing or mutated, leading to a global developmental delay, intellectual disability , and autism. 
a finnish group demonstrated that disc1 polymorphisms were associated with autism and asperger syndrome.
rett syndrome is an autism spectrum disorder mainly caused by mutations in the x-linked mecp2 gene and affecting roughly 1 out of 10.000 born girls.
Development of Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD), including autism, is based on a combination of genetic predisposition and environmental factors.
Individuals with autism have higher 8-Iso-PGF2α levels than controls, but no correlation with quantitative assay of Paraoxonase 1 serum levels.
furthermore, single nucleotide polymorphisms in core circadian clock genes have been associated with psychiatric disorders .
foxp1 ablation was also associated with various cognitive and social deficits, providing new insights into its behavioural importance.
prrg4 is proposed to contribute to the autistic symptoms of wagr syndrome, but the molecular function of prrg4 genes remains unknown.
chromosomal deletions at xp22.3 appear to influence vulnerability to the neurodevelopmental disorders; attention deficit disorder and autism.
mutations of auts2 are associated with autism and intellectual disabilities.
Motor and social difficulties are often found in children with an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and with developmental coordination disorder.
Autism spectrum disorder is characterized by social deficits and behavioural abormalitiies. 
A tendency to avoid eye contact is an early indicator of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), and difficulties with eye contact often persist throughout the lifespan.
Immune abnormalities have been described in some individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) as well as their family members.
intellectual disability associated with ASD might be etiologically distinct from DD without ASD.
Maternal immune activation (MIA) during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of behavioral disorders in the offspring.
Autism spectrum disorder is characterized by difficulty with social communication and restricted, repetitive patterns of behavior, interest, or activities.
These findings suggest that maternal mental illness is an important determinant of the risk of ASD associated with antidepressant exposure during pregnancy.
Due to brain plasticity, early interventions are essential to facilitate clinical improvement. 
The study indicates that increased ASD risk is generally associated with suboptimal breast-feeding practices.
there is no single medical therapy that is effective for all symptoms of autism spectrum disorder.
Children with optimal outcomes receive earlier, more intensive behavioral interventions and less pharmacologic treatment.
Irritability marked by tantrums, self-injury and aggression occurs frequently in youth with ASD.
Published research shows the benefit of drug therapy for ADHD in children
Many patients with ADHD have comorbid disorders such as depression, disruptive behavior disorders, or substance abuse.
studies have shown that there is no link between receiving vaccines and developing ASD.
we found no correlation between asd and the measles vaccine
Antidepressant exposure during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of ASD in the offspring. 
We propose that age of onset could be an important marker for the subtyping of OCD.
There is currently no credible mechanism for suggesting that autism might cause epilepsy.
increased exposure to acetaminophen is neurotoxic in babies and small children. 
